README: mention that nixUnstable is not supported (#1573)
nix-community/home-manager: README.md

    control this option using the
    [`nix.allowedUsers`][nixosAllowedUsers] system option.

>     Note that Nix 3 (nixUnstable) is still not supported yet.

Author: ```suggestion
    Note that Nix 2.4 (nixUnstable) is still not supported yet.
```
